RT-Extension-HideWidgets

NAME

    RT::Extension::HideWidgets - Allows adnistrators to authorize users
    or groups to see/not see widgets, from the Ticket view.

DESCRIPTION

    This RT extension alters the administration panel adding custom rights.
    These rights are prepended by '[RT::Extension::HideWidgets]'

TODO

    Add a po file to translate this extension.

INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make install
        /!\ May need root permissions

        Edit your <path_to_rt>/etc/RT_SiteConfig.pm
        If you are using RT 4.2 or greater, add this line:

            Plugin('RT::Extension::HideWidgets');

        For RT 3.8 and 4.0, add this line:

            Set(@Plugins, qw(RT::Extension::HideWidgets));

        or add "RT::Extension::HideWidgets" to your existing @Plugins
        line.

    Clear your mason cache
            rm -rf /opt/rt4/var/mason_data/obj

    Restart your webserver

    Be advised that a local ShowSummary file is create when using this 
    extension. 

CONFIGURATION

To use this module, you need to have Administration rights, then go to :
	Administration->Global->Users Rights or
	Administration->Global->Group Rights
Note that if you're a 'SuperUser', you'll always see widgets

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc RT::Extension::HideWidgets

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=RT-Extension-HideWidgets

    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/RT-Extension-HideWidgets

    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/RT-Extension-HideWidgets

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/RT-Extension-HideWidgets/

If you need more help, you can contact us via http://www.oeris.fr

AUTHOR
        Neil Orley    	<neil.orley@oeris.fr>

LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Request Tracker (RT) is Copyright Best Practical Solutions, LLC.

Copyright (C) 2014 Neil Orley (Oeris)

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

